# Strayve.io
Node powered silent disco, tune in from your phone.

Open source software by [@kezzism](https://twitter.com/Kezzism) (Kari K Barry). Detailed dependency list to come.

# Update 12/2020 - This software is deprecated and is no longer being actively maintained. 

In the years since 2018 a ton has changed in the world of web development, while we've seen tremendous strives like [WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org/) hit the scene, providing incredible interfaces to tackle tasks never before handled in the browser, we've also seen the rise of devastating security risks which stem from the increasingly tight integration between browser and host machine. One of these vulnerabilities, known by security researchers as [Spectre](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spectre_(security_vulnerability)) is ultimately responsible for the decline in feasibility of this project. When this code debuted at *The CellPhone Disco*, downtown Pittsburgh in July of 2018 it was possible to access the realtime clock of most browsers and provide a reasonable "synchronization" between the DJ and the clients listening in; moderating the rate at which chunks of raw data were played back. However, as of writing this that task has since become insurmountable. 
## TL;DR if you ask a modern browser for access to the actual time down to the finest precision, you're going to get a result back that is randomized slightly and thus unusable over the course of a performance with multiple listeners. 
---
That being said, there has been recent interest in this concept and I would like to continue someday under the premise of an "Instant App" as seen on [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/app-clips/) and [Android](https://developer.android.com/topic/google-play-instant) and perhaps the sync clock can be some kind of bluetooth L.E. peripheral or otherwise inaudible audio frequency the app can tap into. There are other developers looking into the idea, now that airPods and other wireless headphones have become commonplace. The future is bright, even as we turn the lights off for good on this repo.